maturity	Forewardly, I say that things fit the measure; what is the measure though? I begin astutel
aman	I wish to be generous: it is where I am living the most. There are requirements though, in
prominence	I will add something to the aim of maturity. Simply said(as I am reiterating), maturity is
ambition	I am being generous thoroughly but my effort is ill-prepared. I would describe this as one
onwork	I have made a grand distinction, though, I may not be able to define it. It starts a like 
joy	Let us clarify our life position; it goes as follows. We are trying to live well, and this
generosity	The paramount line of our life is contribution. I strictly mean where you are generous wit
positivity	If being happy is truly the meaning of our lives, what does it exactly mean? The reason I 
demands	The world cries out in response to my prompt, to be treated in a certain way or kind. What
ourstake	More and more do the tides run clearer, showing me their way, treating me with insight to 
freedom	If we were free, it would be to write, train, practice and inquire. Around this, there swi
thearchitect	To quote Montaigne, “my ambition here is not to tell you the measure of things, rather m
living	What satisfies me the most is the knowledge that whatever the circumstance, our aim remain
clear	If your generosity and care truly marks the measure of expression and joy, then the amount
care	Considerably, I would inquire to the ends of your time, as did reflect that nature that yo
solid	I am fortunate when things are well. Principally, I overcome things that do not go our way
strenght	All I have is our sense and those things which I see. In doing so, my place is met and mad
withouttrouble	As ones then who are well set, but still unsure what to do, my advice is to straighten up 
mind	Clarity of statement is the finest thing for it gives bearing to your judgment, and thus a
memories	Memories play a strong role in remedying stress. Looking back on the past, I see how the f
thegrey	When I am older, I will die. This is principally because I am limited, am a living thing, 
peace	The world seems amiss sometimes. My place in to is not always much but clever, but our tim
happy	If we are happy, it is because our situation and use of it is tight and pleasantly met. Ho
grace	Work is a struggle because there is weight: we can bear it though. That it would be smooth
offer	I have done it: I am ready to make my proposal. As it goes we are natural. The reason is u
wherefore	I'm ready to make a real proposition. It follows like this. I have many things and have se
aproposal	It is hard to make proposals. “What about this my lord?” they howl; I reply “I am no
makinguse	Very simply, my mind has left itself from being contrast to an objective. Prior, I felt ve
adolescence	I was born to be made, yet my interests were lined with tradition and unclear aims. As a y
olddays	Similar to our stake in Ontology, it would be wise to rest on and proceed from the soundes
constance	It is clear that work is required. It pumps you up and keeps you limber and accepting of f
character	As a preface, I will say this promptly: if you are a sound person, it is because your char
direction	It feels here, that there is some poorly defined notion of what health needs. Your resolve
thetimes	I have wondered for some time why the things we think to be true are so with reason, or me
life	Our circumstances can be engendered with rationality, as to make them more hospitable and 
settledin	Plutarch remarks the fact that farmers seek shoots of corn which have begun to tip over, s
culture	That is not what I think any longer. Instead, I believe our roots have changed to what the
ofentirety	I could be better off to write this, but the notion is too ripe to wait. Or, rather, it is
thetree	Up on the hill there sits a tree. On this bank of ours, we have toiled the soil as to be r
natured	I have explicitly realized that our goal is not to reach further fortunes, or even find mo
prominence	Some time ago I mentioned the fact that those maturing would lose their nature upon maturi
existence	Underneath all of me there rests what I would through inquiry discern as existence, by the
clarity	There is so much to say. I felt before that we were open and free, and set only with a res
kingsgame	Objective truth is the hardest thing to come by. Having not known, I can at least say that
thephilosopher	The reason is with respect to the gain of our progress. When we settle into ourselves, it 
truth	Our idea of things may be absolute, in that it is founded well and all-encompassing, but a
inquiry	The fundamental point of inquiry is to whether the nature of your impression ought to be s
advancment	The issue we are facing, like all inquirers, is developing experience with something, and 
reproach	As for the most prominent and ill-found question, is how we should spend our time. If we t
mindfull	It is clear, that when nothing is known, all will we see, for in that not, we are set and 
imperative	So what should we do? Be within the limits and stake your place beneath the king as the pa
tendencies	This seems very simple yet applies very well. Foremost is because it grounds itself in the
action	Firmly and strictly put, the most important thing for one who intends to and is thus fortu
vritue	The definition of virtue is the excellency of what it is you are formed to do. A clear exa
kinds	A crow and eagle are equally birds: only the latter though is a bird of prey. Of a kind th
therationalanimal	&emsp;It would not be self indulgent of me to explain why a man ought to know how to live.
judgement	To do with our assessments and there relevance to us, the most prominent distinction, when
deliberation	Perhaps, simply, the very question bars an answer. If you are asking a question, and your 
assessment	Consciousness is best described by the stream of your moment, stacking concurrently from p
gods	God is not necessary in precedent, rather it is a sound belief to attribute the name 'God'
mortality	The foremost thought, or regard rather, is of our mortality. In being so paramount, so to 
church	Because we are actionable, our regard for so, generally, draws us to ask - consider at lea
monopoly	When we were boys, we knew the world by what we could see. There was no war or depravity, 
extremes	At the height of organized society, Jesus Christ presented an insight into Man's core prob
thedivine	As I know more I will begin, that relgion is primarily a fellowship of interest, devout an
houseofcards	Theologically, the concept of divine intervention is tricky. Foremost is that each member 
anendtobegin	I like the idea that our aim is happy to be reached in both abundant and appropriate ways.
deartestament	So a friend asked me how I know what is right and wrong. I said that God tells me; he then
roomfordoubt	Faith marks the fact that we do not know but have trust anyways. What I suspect though is 
delta	What I think religious people do is extend the width of their ball into all of entirety. T
buddha	Let's give a brief overview of Buddhism, then we'll get specific. Founded by Siddhartha Ga
brahma	Buddhism in fact contrasts with Vedic beliefs that there is an all encompassing god. In th
relations	I've met a woman; at the very least I see one. My history has only dealt me warranted disa
simron	I leant in and gave her a kiss. At first she was still, then leaning into me further. I he
humble	My assessment following this is that we are overall fine. In our heart there may be frivol
arrival	We are here, at our home in Kamloops: living with Mom and Dad -Dora and Boots too. The are
home	There is very little that is asked of me. Sometimes we have to drive to get food, or at a 
reign	I moved up here because my dad was sick; moreso was his immediate treatment the main facil
settled	I moved out here on the 26th. From that Saturday it will be three weeks this coming weeken
holidays	We are underestimating the value of sitting and standing. Everyone will goe through ups an
path	I see our efforts running us a great length of time. The better website will take a while 
theroad	I am unsure of my overall aim. Filling up the sides have been those prior years of prepara
ubiquity	Even though our future is ill defined, our past has a fine bearing and present grip. For e
ledger	My past writings are in need of some proper arrangement -with the aim of sharpening them u
primary	I think that our most truthful and core being is unlimited when it comes to application an
1842	The classic question in regards to creativity: whether your limits are in ability or withi
ourbest	My writing is the best step I can take. For one, if I did it to the best of my ability, th
concessions	On the private end our aim is in establishing the pitch for further objectives ahead. Bett
showingup	For most of my life I have been patient with success. I knew for a great deal of time that
whole	I think as a rule of thumb, that it would be helpful to state what you currently know. Her
trust	We will die and that’s ok. Foremost, is this the case for the appreciation we have in th
fufillment	The world is just weird. Were full of excitement and a good amount of cheer, yet no great 
interests	I feel as though a grip on our home and country would give us much more breathing room in 
creation	Im looking to write a book called The Architect. Its main aim is to share the reasons for 
prospects	"When I see you standing there I grit my teeth, for I know what is coming, the fortune of 
eastroad	As it were, we grew up near the Fraser Valley. As I grew older the interests I had did not
renfrew	As a quick note, this area is interesting for its military based naming within the local n
violence	Seneca mentions, briefly, the philsopher Brutus, who mentions the request of crowds and th
firstprinciple	Our first principle shares the heart of Descarte's example(to speak of one), where he clai
clearpairs	Rationality describes one’s state within their resolve to reason. Reason, reflects the i
intothefray	They say that the toughest job of the gods was in creating the mold for justice. In other 
discipline	Something must be addressed for the sake of naming our limit. That, is the sentiment that 
farshores	We will die and that’s ok. Foremost, is this the case for the appreciation we have in th
sweetends	I think that our most truthful and core being is unlimited when it comes to application an
ceaseofwrath	The world is just weird. We’re full of excitement and a good amount of cheer, yet no gre
ofmen	I would benefit from knowing the whole of things as well as those particular to me. For on
ongreatness	As men and women, we are trying the manifest the best version of ourselves. Morseo, though
forthesame	I think perhaps in times of stress or sluggishness, it would be best to go over the primar
pureprecedent	As I’d put it the sum of our lives is in determining what will happen and how we can pre
forgoodness	I am thinking that in order to take the truest step, we must know where it is we are tryin
truemovement	Over my years, I have gathered a great deal of inner peace and satiety from permitting my 
dearways	I will die. This I cannot prove or claim to be explicitly true; but I believe it to be a s
forall	There is so much good in this world that an error on my part has been made. We came from a
particulars	If the good is found in proper activity, how can we better understand what particular elem
ourline	The promise of success and the certainty of how it will be acquired is not truly reminisce
whocares	Not only is it clear that there are people who are worse off than me, and that my own issu
norms	A culture describes the customs and interests of a people. On a smaller scale, groups of f
intolerable	One of my least favorite feelings is in regard to other people's perceived stupidity. What
course	The course of our lives are such that death will always find us. Be it in sports, an accid
anevenroad	For all my life the sun will rise and set, and the moon will come along too. Every 6 month
thegood	If we have family and friends, then two things are true. One, is that the improvement is t
goodsofreason	On the whole, and generally I might add(considering the type of thing we are), that what i
suitableconduct	The good is in proper action; that is, within an operation there is appropriate conduct wi
theprince	I figure that as we proceed, our outcome will be the same. This is why, in fact, they say 
outcome	The fact that the world will go round and round is merely a garnish to the fact that every
mark	I can either reflect on the past and address hows its moments are impacting me right now, 
construct	The core truths of our lives have to do with food, training, careers, family and death. Th
deliberate	A friend is that person who cares about something that you do; the effect then is that you
innerweaving	Since our aim is to live, and this amounts to enjoyment, then the means to this(or nourish
closingstep	As it stands, there are four primary truths. In total, they amount to what’s good, as do
aman	To expect and regret something is to refer to some measure of truth. Good or bad refers to
embers	I’d like to dedicate these thoughts to Plutarch, whose illustrative aims and power refle
ends	How we feel right now is worth reflecting along with the course of our lives. The former m
virtue	Since we are alive, living seems to be the mold for our aim. That is, in a redundant way, 
tart	I'd like to talk about principle aspects. We have said that an objective measure is hard. 
amend	For many years I see us living immediately. Following that, I see more control to target m
living	For our course we will die. We are currently living though, so to that end I merely antici
ameasure	The heart of any point or discussion is what's most important. If some technical point is 
target	If one were hunting, they would prepare and ready themselves 'for the fight' so to speak. 
ofdivision	A body of water is a strong analog for how primary substances operate. The word melting co
divisibility	Let me delve into a topic -as opposed to fretting over the meaning of things. To preface, 
ostentation	Here is a theory of everything. A rock exhibits its purpose by the actions of its characte
propiety	This may illustrate the whole of it. Too much do we pull away in both the front and the ba
forensics	Discourse, whether private or personal, effectively describes itself as the means of expla
completion	An important feature of any thing is that it has a right way to be. This is because, depen
beginningsend	Pardon me, but I am no academic. That’s not to say that I don’t respect what people of
adultbend	Talking about the course of our lives is difficult. On a macro scale you have the whole, w
sweetqualities	Never will an aim be surpassed as our current need. Per our natures, our experience is alw
lushdomain	When it comes to identities, our thinking and qualification vary. Prior to this though, th
boundofcontent	What is best? Well that clearly means what is the most positive experience. “Or at least
therightfit	Any end is marked well by its favorable substance, regularity and ease of accessibility. A
rightfullhammer	If I were to ask the purpose of pushups as compared to bench press, I would say that one y
basisforends	There ought to be a word which remarks the incompatibility of some action, and thus a reli
cleanedges	There is no war. Even if there is, it is merely a strand on an otherwise free garment. The
rockyworld	The world is a bundle of rocks, with an atmosphere in part because of the way it formed. W
integrityofdepth	Take a disc: well consider this our area, or plot rather. Now add some height to it, as if
mindormatter	We simply want to live good lives. Doing so however is no easy feat. For one, it is becaus
minimalmaximums	So deductive arguments may in fact be limited, but our use of them reflects that. Unfortun
lettingyouknow	I feel quite bold in saying this, as writing letters is not a relevant or desired thing. F
moors	As we once said, there is a hill atop the tree. Its claim, is the room and hand to see the
themanor	For some time Gillen sat alone, though without any shortness of peace. His life was far fr
greengarment	Reading about great men (or women) brings me to a relatable sense of cheer. Foremost, is t
lastinggains	The form is quite important in anything you do. An age old question was about why you shou
greenhearted	I had this novel idea that the reason we socialize is that it gives us the room to express
tearsofgoodness	For some reason the world feels afar, and partially this is from our lack of place locally
endofdawn	For some reason the world feels afar, and partially this is from our lack of place locally
adearclaim	The world could surely just end, or otherwise change into something which it hasn’t been
thefullestway	It is believed more or less that demonstrating yourself in the fullest way is the right wa
apropercourse	The two sides of our life, at least in regards to what were concerned with, is the leveled
constantbend	I fear not to fail in this description, but the subject offers most with any definition. S
pathofcheer	So considering aims, tradition has its stake. There’s a root of thoughtlessness though, 
foritself	So considering aims, tradition has its stake. There’s a root of thoughtlessness though, 
lifeofintellect	A life of intellect is simply one which grows from actions of the purest kind. This isn’
theamericanscholar	The American Scholar is the delegated intellect for the modern world. In this case, he is 
greetingtheworld	I feel solidarity brings value to my life. Farmers churn the soil, and I in turn pay them 
marks	Everyone has those marks, acting like figures without definition. You hear a tune and it m
natureshand	So art is life in a way, or rather the response we have to things marks our persisting nat
utilityofqualities	As one who is intelligent, the world is never known. Perhaps that is due to our curiosity,
cosmologyby5	Form wise, it may seem in fact proper for your senority to be when you have children. Thou
rightandwrong	It is clear that we are incomplete. For in our lack, I can tell that we are so. Descriptio
eternityorends	Let’s say, for instance, that death were in fact final. Regardless if this was in fact p
preferredrest	So, in summary, our end may be or not so. If it is the latter, this only means there will 
messagesfordeath	What would you do if your actions in life accounted for your experience upon its end? This
confirmation	Peace seems the most pleasing, if even freedom could grant us such. It is perhaps our real
tonothing	For simplicity sake, the spawn of, or at least effected impetus which gave rise to matter,
confession	I’ve never lacked humility, rather a non-contempuous ease, as to approach problems and t
redandblue	Simply put, the best thing is to consider what you have to do. At the very least, we must 
darkwaters	On the whole of it, our fortune and joy bear the regard. The latter though fairs a necessa
fingertips	Often, when I am listening to music or watching shows especially, I have this warm and ful
fearofmissingout	We require nothing for this common life. True, we could see more of it if we had success, 
atlas	Something I’ve always known is that everyone lives their own respective lives. And becau
movement	Since we will always be moving, concern for fortune outside of this regard seems unimporta
oldscars	In times of doubt or contrition, affirming your course is key. For, I do wish to be on the
idlecontempt	The winds of winter are coming, yet of their coolness I am ready to be pleased. For once i
fruitsoffreedom	Life is a little strange now adays. As it stands, we are no longer trying to acquire anyth
theheatwithin	I don’t think I’d ever want a friend, at least I wouldn’t seek one that wasn’t int
compromisingcreativity	A simple fact is that most things require little. We may have to work more than we’d lik
windingaims	I know, however small, that clearcut effort will always win the day. What is interesting t
engenderedpost	So there are two things that come to mind when I am thinking about my life. First, is what
needlessrestraint	The simplest definition may be, that character molds our actions, and from that, there com
theagingpast	It seems that the past has transitioned into what seemed so recent. Prior, it felt like ou
priorities	As an early thought, is there worth in going where others may take you, that is, I am wond
commissioned	I seek a friend because in that, we can share responsability. Our body needs regards, as d
fortune	A strange question, which admittedly brings up this remark about 'really, were not going t
likeme	So defintiively, we are living rationally. That is, we are beyond tradition, which in a wa
obstacle	So I can see it, the pressure, or the impetus at least. "Your struggle marks the way, or t
delights	I recognize that I don't have any friends. But I am more keen on knowing what we need to b
still	I figure that our lack of direction, or movement at least, is what causes me to feel seper
reminiscent	I am having trouble with Jen. I care for her, in a way that is reminiscent of love. But I 
shine	Friendship it seems is right at that edge whereby your own stature meets its rise, but no 
dugin	Not to speak of maturity, or the point past it at least, but from the beginning, we all ha
thesea	Jen has left. Oh dear how we were excited at the temptation to connect. Yet, we let oursel
ironheart	Here is a quick confession -and do please count this one, that is, as the scale by which p
peace	Its fair to say that what comes to mind when I think of interests, is born and touted from
imagine	I just have some emtion; for I know that desire breeds fear, as Yoda says, which leads to 
preoccupied	There's this weight, which holds me tight by the throat, judging me, sentecning me to chan
circle	The truth is that your are only going to get what your made for. This may be with splinter
others	We are just by ourself. So much it seems is required to draw other's attention, and being 
knots	It is quite too easy to become mixed up with emotions. Whihc, like your tie to a mother, r
perfect	So we felt that perfection was required, as the words from our hand would run out, as perf
beholden	We were too beholden to ourselves to see, that some lighter activity and company would hel
slack	It seems, in plain terms, that we have ourselves, in strenght that is, while we are with n
younger	When I was younger, I felt no real connection or draw to go out there and explore. Better 
wilds	So I've got an interesting idea, or remark we'll say. When I was 10 I was quite happy. Yet
bound	When you are kids, your bunched up together and find according bonds. Effectively though, 
approach	I suspect that we have a problem. For some reason, intelligence has never prompted me to t
rot	Pleasure is not ordinarily something that you are lacking. It be something sweet, or a tre
sofar	So we graduated highschool in June 2014. Soon after we found employment as a car washer, a
further	I would define ourselves like this. We wish to move, and do so readily, and often. But, wh
noticed	Wherever you are, you can see, and wherever there is, you can be. But, in my recollections
today	So I live with my mother and father, and our relationship is quite good; so much so, that 
withdrawn	When I was younger I was indeed quite cynical. The common attire of people's attitude and 
upright	I must say I feel quite well. On the front end the sun gleems a bit brighter, as do the pa
birthday	It is my birthday, and I am 28 years old. I can see far ahead the marks of what will resul
